Adds global filters note (#22206)
netdata/netdata: docs/dashboards-and-charts/dashboards-tab.md

- Zoom, pan, and highlight timeframes.
- Synchronize charts across contexts and nodes.

### Global Filters

> Custom dashboards include an **Apply global filters** toggle that controls how the node filter affects your dashboard cards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When editing Custom Dashboards there is an **Apply global filters** toggle that controls how the node filter affects your dashboard cards:
```
